01 As Benvolio strolled down a street in Verona, he was waylayed by a rogue group of Capulet thugs. "Thou art tresspassing on Capulet grounds!", shrieked the thugs as they senselessly beat his corpse. 

02 The lovestricken Romeo pleaded with his father to court the lovely Juliet. However, Montague, still grieving after the loss of Benvolio, forbade Romeo from venturing anywhere near Capulet territory.

03 Ignoring his father's warnings, Romeo snuck out that night on a mission to catch a potential glimpse of the fair Juliet. To his surprise he sees Juliet standing out on her balcony as he scurries in the brush below. "Wherefore are thou Romeo!" sang Juliet. "I am here, fair lady!" replied Romeo. Their eyes locked in a deep love-filled gaze, but a rustling in the shadows frightened Romeo to retreat.

04 Capulet is furious when he was told by his wife that Romeo and Juliet had been seeing eachother in spite of the feud. Capulet hated the idea of his daughter's infatuation with a disgusting Montague imp.

05 Capulet formulates a genious plan to lure Montague into a trap using Romeo's blind love for Juliet as bate. He summons Juliet and demands that she send a letter to Romeo to meet her in the city park just as the sun sets the next day.

06 Romeo is ecstatic when he reads the letter. As Romeo carefully sneaks out under his curfew to catch a glimpse of his lover, Capulet follows him up the street to a trap. Luckily for Romeo, his father is alerted of his absence and Montague rushes out to find his son. The two patriarchs quarrel briefly with daggers.

07 A bright flash stuns Montague just as reinforcements from the family arrive, but Capulet is able to severly cut his hand before he escapes.

08 Romeo is saved, but Montague is filled with rage. "The last straw has been drawn!" he furiously shouted towards the retreated Capulet. 

09 In order to permanently separate Juliet and Romeo, Capulet arranges a marraige between his daughter Juliet and the Count Paris.

10 Once Romeo hears of the proposed marriage of Juliet, his heart swells and he irrationally decides that he and Juliet must depart from the city. The only way their love can be realised is without the frivolous arguments between their opposing families.

11 Romeo gathers up his last belonings including a heralded dagger from the family's common room. He makes plans to wait at the balcony until he is able to find Juliet again and take her with him. "Together at last, Juliet! Wait not but for me!"

12 In the night, Romeo's cousin Mercutio is out with no regard for the family curfew. He runs into the Capulet thug Tybalt and the two exchange nasty words. "You be at the end of my dagger for what happened to Benvolio!" Mercutio tells Tybalt. Tybalt is offended and the two lunge at eachother. A couple of clashes of dagger foreshadow Tybalt's fatal stabbing of Mercutio. "I have perished!" Mercutio pants as he slowly falls to the ground.

13 Romeo's heart sank and his fists tightened. He knew that Tybalt could not get away with this. He snatched the dagger from his waist and charged into the street at Tybalt. "You've killed another Montague! This world is but a place of blood and rivalry!" Romeo pleads, but disregarding the possible retatiation from Capulet's family, he shoves his dagger towards Tybalt and Tybalt deflects it. "You can't win, this poor fool had it coming. We both know that Verona is Capulet's city." 
14a Romeo throws his dagger in a unpredicted move and Tybalt is unable to escape is hungry point. The knife has punctured his chest and Tybalt falls. "I am but one Capulet, you will not be able to defeat us all!" Romeo leaves the dagger in Tybalt and street with two bodies.

14b The two hear city soldiers running down the street. "This isn't over!" screams Tybalt as he dashes off. Romeo was not interested in trouble for breaking his curfew, so he leaves Mercutio's body in search of Juliet.

15 Juliet, unwilling to marry the Count Paris, confides in Friar Lawrence about poisons. The apothecary is willing to trade poison for some of Capulet's riches.

16 Before Juliet has time to prepare the poison. Romeo appears beneath the balcony. "My dear! We shall escape this treaterous city together and live free of blood and threats!" Juliet is relieved and runs to see Romeo, "I agree. Let me down and we will escape on our feet!" 

17 "Not so fast, beautiful Romeo!" Capulet sneers. Romeo's heart stops suddenly. He does not intend to turn around and face Capulet alone. Romeo left his dagger at Mercutio's body so he runs off behind a dark corner. Luckily, Romeo finds a box of broomsticks. He grabs one to at least defend himself. Juliet screams at her father, "Not my Romeo! He does not deserve death!" 

18a Capulet corners Romeo and carefully blocks Capulet's dagger with his broomstick. There is an attempt to escape and Romeo dashes, but is caught in Capulet's dagger. He falls to the ground as Capulet stands over him. His leg is badly injured and Capulet's immense force stands above him. "This trechery with the Montague's has gone on far too long. Your defeat will be a message that this city is our's and there is no way we are willing to give up." Just then a dozen Capulet thugs wrap around the fight and drag the damaged Romeo away. Juliet is heartbroken. She cannot think to see Romeo's dying body and takes the poison herself. "I cannot be in this world without Romeo!".

18b Juliet runs into 


